As soon as a person walks, the emotional intelligence is big enough
Can you say it now?
I'm really convinced these people are so big
The strength of the imperial teacher is so high that it hurts people
Is it difficult to monitor an uprising?
They never practiced
Defenders are fearless
It's really hard life.
Not only to sing blackface, but also to be a coolie
Oh, I'm really feeling bad.
When you say that, I think of Miss Sophie
I cried just now
You have to explain it later.
What a hassle
Do good deeds without leaving a name
Who else but me?
Hey hang up
This baby bird sister-in-law is really watertight
You're being funny again
However, he can be in the Rakshasa Kingdom
Cover the sky with one hand
How could I not have the ability?
Well, it's hard to attack
And 100,000 can't fight, can't fight at all
Alian
I found that since I arrived in Hucheng
You seem to be in a much better mood.
Really? I can't sleep every night.
Oops, you're considering whether to surrender or not
It's hard to say
But now in your eyes
Already responsible
I think it's a good thing.
Hey, I can't help it.
Who made Rakshasa Fruit so strange and adventurous so cute
Let's go. Last fight
If there is a traffic jam there
Then we'll just have to gnaw hard